Update migration.md (#2086)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/migration.md

#### RxJS

Make sure to upgrade to the latest version of the `rxjs` package (v7).

#### TestingModule / NestFactory

> If you are currently getting an element (in this case `ConfigService`) from the module using a string you'll receive following error: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are currently supplying a string to `NestApplication#get` to retrieve an instance of some provider (eg: `ConfigService` from `@nestjs/config`), you'll receive an error message like the following: 
```

just adding more keywords :)

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```text
```

add this to fix building errors.
